chore: add 3.0.2 notes (#6045)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/shared/v3-core-enterprise-release-notes/_index.md

> All updates to Core are automatically included in Enterprise.
> The Enterprise sections below only list updates exclusive to Enterprise.

## v3.0.2 {date="2025-05-01"}
**Core**: revision d80d6cd60049c7b266794a48c97b1b6438ac5da9

**Enterprise**: revision e9d7e03c2290d0c3e44d26e3eeb60aaf12099f29

> ### Core
> 
> #### Security Updates
> - Ability to generate testing TLS certificates on the fly now added. 
> - TLS CA can now be set with an environment variable: `INFLUXDB3_TLS_CA`
> - Additionally added the ability to set a minimum TLS version for enhanced security. 
> - Added support for CORS requests from browsers. 
> 
> #### General Updates
> - Support added for `--format json` option in token creation command output. 
> - Removed Last Values Cache size limitation for better performance and increased flexibility.
> - Other general performance improvements
> 
> #### Fixes
> - Fixed counting bug in distinct cache. 
> - Fixed issue where distinct cache incorrectly handled rows with null values.
> - Fixed handling of `group by` tag columns with escape quotes.
> - Ensured consistent sorting of `iox` table schema for SHOW TABLES command. 
> 
> ### Enterprise
> 
> #### Updates
> - Added command and system table to show nodes in cluster. 
> - Enable multiple permissions custom argument matches. 
> - Other general performance improvements
> 
> #### Fixes
> - Fixed object store initialization to only occur once. 
> - Fixed Home license server crash on restart. 
> - Added protection to prevent allocation of more total threads than specified by `--num-cores`.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Core

#### Security updates

- Generate testing TLS certificates on the fly.  
- Set the TLS CA via the INFLUXDB3_TLS_CA environment variable.  
- Enforce a minimum TLS version for enhanced security.  
- Allow CORS requests from browsers.  

#### General updates

- Support the `--format json` option in the token creation output.  
- Remove the Last Values Cache size limitation to improve performance and flexibility.  
- Incorporate additional performance improvements.  

#### Fixes

- Fix a counting bug in the distinct cache.  
- Fix how the distinct cache handles rows with null values.  
- Fix handling of `group by` tag columns that use escape quotes.  
- Sort the IOx table schema consistently in the `SHOW TABLES` command.  

### Enterprise

#### Updates

- Introduce a command and system table to list cluster nodes.  
- Support multiple custom permission argument matches.  
- Improve overall performance.  

#### Fixes

- Initialize the object store only once.  
- Prevent the Home license server from crashing on restart.  
- Enforce the `--num-cores` thread allocation limit.  
```
